Radix License
Version 1.0, July 2021
radixfoundation.org/licenses/license-v1

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and distribution
as defined by Sections 1 through 10 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorised by the copyright owner
that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean any legal person whether individual or incorporated and all
other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that
entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares,
or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions
granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including but
not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included in or
attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is
based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions, annotations,
elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of
authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works
that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the
Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version of
the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works thereof,
that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright
owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the
copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing
lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by,
or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work,
but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in
writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf of whom
a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently incorporated within the
Work.

“Canonical Version” the version of the Work which is from time to time published by
the Licensor on Github or such other place as the Licensor shall determine from time
to time.

2. Grant of Copyright License. By downloading, storing, running or copying,
re-publishing, using, modifying or distributing the Work you accept the terms of this
license and agree to comply with the terms hereof. Subject to Clause 7 and the terms
and conditions of this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You:

A. a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright
license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form;

B. the right to download and implement use the functionality provided by the Work in any
way and for any purpose that you consider appropriate.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each
Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make,
have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by such Contributor that
are necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
institute patent litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated
within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
patent licenses granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of
the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative
Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or Object
form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

A. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this
License; and

B. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed
the files; and

C. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You distribute, all
copyright, patent and attribution notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding
those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and

D. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any
Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution
notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain
to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: within a
NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form
or documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display
generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally
appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not
modify the License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works
that You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as modifying
the License.

You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide
additional or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works as a whole,
provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor
shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional terms
or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify the
terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding
such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing the
content of the NOTICE file.

7. DISCLAIMER

7.1. The Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions)
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7.2. Whilst the Work is capable of being deployed, used and adopted (instantiated) to
create a distributed ledger it is your responsibility to test and validate the code,
together with all logic and performance of that code under all foreseeable scenarios.

7.3. The Licensor does not make or purport to make and hereby excludes liability for
all and any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever, whether
express or implied, to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or
undertaking, as to the functionality security use, value or other characteristics of
any distributed ledger nor in respect the functioning or value of any tokens which may
be created stored or transferred using the Work. The Licensor does not warrant that
the Work or any use of the Work complies with any law or regulation in any territory
where it may be implemented or used or that it will be appropriate for any specific
purpose.

7.4. Neither the licensor nor any current or former employees, officers, directors,
partners, trustees, representatives, agents, advisors, contractors, or volunteers of
the Licensor shall be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including
but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, or loss of use or data, or loss
of reputation, or loss of any economic or other opportunity of whatsoever nature or
howsoever arising), arising out of or in connection with (without limitation any use,
misuse, of any ledger system or use made or its functionality or any performance or
operation of any code or protocol caused by bugs or programming or logic errors or
otherwise);

A. any offer, purchase, holding, use, sale, exchange or transmission of any
cryptographic keys, tokens or assets created, exchanged, stored or arising from any
interaction with the Work;

B. any failure in a transmission or loss of any token or assets keys or other digital
artefacts due to errors in transmission;

C. bugs, hacks, logic errors or faults in the Work or any communication;

D. system software or apparatus including but not limited to losses caused by errors
in holding or transmitting tokens by any third-party;

E. breaches or failure of security including hacker attacks, loss or disclosure of
password, loss of private key, unauthorised use or misuse of such passwords or keys;

F. any losses including loss of anticipated savings or other benefits resulting from
use of the Work or any changes to the Work (however implemented).

7.5. You are solely responsible for; testing, validating and evaluation of all
operation logic, functionality, security and appropriateness of using the Work for
any commercial or non-commercial purpose and for any reproduction or redistribution
by You of the Work. You assume all risks associated with Your use of the Work and
the exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort
(including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law
(such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any
Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to
damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any
and all other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised
of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of
support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent
with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on Your
own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor,
and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any
liability incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your
accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

10. Law of this Agreement. You agree on behalf of Yourself and your assigns and
successors in title that the courts of the jurisdiction of Licensor incorporation
shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claims (including
non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with this License
or arising from the formation of this or incorporating these Terms. The situs of any
agreement formed in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and all obligations and
causes of action arising out of the operation use and functioning of the Work are
deemed to be made and performed in the jurisdiction of Licensor’s incorporation.
All operation of conflict of laws is excluded.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS